\This document is only a test, meant to practice git version control

It may be easier if I treat this like a journal. I can come back every so often and track my progress.

1/13/2019

Cowboys lost the NFC Divisonal round of the playoffs a couple of hours ago. Offense was OK, could've played better. Defense got
shredded though. 275 yards on the ground versus Todd Gurley and CJ Anderson. Rooting for the Chargers to win it all.

Trying to practice with Git, have learned that if there are uncommitted changes in a branch you are working on that differ from
the one you are switching to, Git will not allow you to switch. Tried to get around this with sudo and it merged the branches for
me. Going to try committing first, switching, and then merging. Will push to github if successful.

Another test to see if I can do this correctly.

1/14/2019

Went to Havana Rumba for Mom's bday, also took her to an escape room. Happened to be statistically the hardest one available and 
we escaped with less than 2 minutes left on the clock! Trying to get some final practice before I shadow tomorrow at work. Still working
with Git, going to go over flash cards and look over rest of document.

Checkout appears to work correctly now. Will now attempt to merge changes and push to github.

1/15/2019

Shadowing went ok yesterday. Sounds like they are still holding out for perfect candidate, but still hope. Will continue to practice 
until further communication with Devin or HR. 

Have been playing Celeste. As difficult as I have heard it was. Nearly 600 deaths in 5 chapters. Will go back to collect more difficult
items and achievements.

*Master updated when switched to. Need to commit, then switch.
*Previous item has been confirmed. Without a commit, master will update along with testing. Must commit before switching branches
and merging.

1/16/2019

Played more Celeste, liking it a lot although it is difficult. Will likely go for 100% after completing the story.

Assembled closet shelf, put shoes on it. Closet looks better, but needs decluttering.

1/18/2019

Wife is feeling better :) Was sick between Wed night and Thursday all day

Aesop/TOBACCO collaboration, Malibu Ken, is awesome and has been listed to several times already.

Got my vinyl copy of Animals in, will listen to it later.

Cowboys fired Linehan

Finished 3rd B-Side in Celeste today. Challenging, but beatable. Have 100+ strawberries at this point.

1/20/2019

Just finished shift. Going to work on connection script and see if I can ditch urllib2 package in favor of just using the system call.

Tested out Animals record I bought, sounds great. Did some more research on vinyl, a lot more to it than I thought. Needs MORE research.

Listening to Thundercat right now.

1/26/2019

Chris came over and we fixed the clog in the sink the best that we could. Drains really well, but clog not 
completely gone.

Created a spreadsheet to help track expenses more responsibly.

Finally have Linux desktop looking good. Managed to get decent color scheme to match background. Several hours 
of work. Need to remember that terminal changes are most easily made by right clicking and then going to 
properties. Need to keep in mind ~/.profile, ~/.config, ~/.bashrc, /etc/ for other configs.

Removed urllib2 package from network connection script last week. Going to implement system call script tonight.

1/30/2019

Moved creation and closure of log in conn_log.py to the if statement that runs the program. Used to create log 
every time the program ran, now only does it if connection is lost.

Major cold weather moving in tonight, heat index is below 0 across the state, expected to be almost -20
in some places with wind chill factored in. Snowing here in town.

2/2/2019

Finally got music and visualizer working. Had to ditch Cava for cli-visualizer due to Pulseaudio issues. vis 
connected directly to it. Have to figure out how to remove static from music while playing. /etc/pulse is 
where music settings are changed. Created a virtual env for work practice, thinking of making one for game 
development.
